okay good morning sorry my face is so
red and also sorry that the curtains are
closed it's just in the morning the way
that the light comes in there's a really
big glare on my laptop so I've got to
close that which is annoying so it's
about eleven o'clock and I've just
finished a piece of homework which I had
to do so it actually goes towards my
final grade at the end of the module
so I did want to make sure that it was
okay it was only a 250 word project and
then you get 25% extra
okay so the first thing I'm going to do
is go on the app forest which I don't
think I've actually downloaded to my new
phone yet so let's just unload this okay
so I'm gonna be using forest first thing
I'm going to do is read through other
wiki things which will only take about
five minutes and then I'm going to
brainstorm ideas and then write my own
so I'm gonna put a timer for 40 minutes
to get all of that done so forty minutes
minutes of intense work and then I might
have a break
[Music]
I just finished that and I've sold quite
a few things I have to do I'm just gonna
quickly do some exercise just in my
bedroom like sit-ups and things I'm
feeling a bit antsy and I kind of want
to move somehow so I'm going to do that
[Music]
so as I eat this I'm just going to add
to the quizlets that I just made
[Music]
I'm going up from my philosophy doctor
now which is the northern German Alice
e1 I'm so excited about this because
pretty much this module cup covers all
of my favorite philosophers plus a few
that I really haven't learned very much
about but the bits I have learned about
them I do find interesting okay so I'm
just walking back from the theology
Meetup so basically it was all of the
theology lectures and then the theology
students but because I had a philosophy
like to write beforehand I had to be a
little bit late but that's fine and once
again it's such such a beautiful evening
I love this time of day so much I just
called my sister they're out of the
cinema so I went to go collect some post
two parcels okay neither one is from the
BBC bite size basically that's been
delivered to a different address so I'm
gonna collect that another time and I
will let you know what was in it but
basically BBC bite sizes and their 1820
years they offered to send me a little
something in celebration I have no idea
where the rubbish collection is so I'm
just gonna have to try and find it so I
have finally got my health on my phone
set up so it tracks the number of steps
and things I just hadn't set it up
I'd been meaning to do that so I'm glad
that I finally got it done I think it
was yesterday I walked something like a
hundred and twenty flights of stairs
I've just been editing a vlog as well
I'm gonna let myself watch two YouTube
videos and then I'm gonna read and then
I'm gonna go to sleep so thank you so
much for watching this vlog I hope that
you enjoyed it and have a productive
week